== Mr. T

Another attempt at making calls to I18n#translate a bit simpler. This one is for views (for now), but might be updated soon:

== I pitty the fool

A normal case would be that the both the new- and the edit-action of a controller renders the form partial. Most of the names will be the same, but not always. Mr. T have his defaults in such a manner that you can easily manage this.

  # app/views/posts/_form.html.erb
  <%= t("Shut up, fool") %>

will look up these keys:

# posts._form.shut_up_fool
# posts.new.shut_up_fool (or posts.edit.save, depending on which action was run)
# posts.__common.shut_up_fool
# shut_up_fool

And finally it'll serve the original string as a default, but not without writing to config/locales/missing_en.yml.

Expect some better documentation, and the possibility to configure Mr T a bit more, later on!

---

Copyright (c) 2009 Iain Hecker, released under the MIT license

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
  a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
  LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
  OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
  WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
